https://youtube.com/channel/UCPr3T20IPZ03gU9gZ2BwM5g # The Click
https://youtube.com/channel/UCy2bazLKFKzHX7lYEEEU6Xw # Cliccy
https://youtube.com/channel/UCtMVHI3AJD4Qk4hcbZnI9ZQ # SomeOrdinaryGamers
https://youtube.com/channel/UCcvfHa-GHSOHFAjU0-Ie57A # Adam Something
https://youtube.com/channel/UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw # 3Blue1Brown
https://youtube.com/channel/UCCNFCLWh1AA-qbyOyp8jlZg # BritMonkey
https://youtube.com/channel/UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA # Brodie Robertson
https://youtube.com/channel/UCg6gPGh8HU2U01vaFCAsvmQ # Chris Titus Tech
https://youtube.com/channel/UCFQMnBA3CS502aghlcr0_aw # Coffeezilla
https://youtube.com/channel/UCtYg149E_wUGVmjGz-TgyNA # Titus Tech Talk
https://youtube.com/channel/UCd3dNckv1Za2coSaHGHl5aA # TJ DeVries
https://youtube.com/channel/UCQMyhrt92_8XM0KgZH6VnRg # Company Man
https://youtube.com/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA # Computerphile
https://youtube.com/channel/UC1JHpRrf9j5IKluzXhprUJg # CSESoc UNSW
https://youtube.com/channel/UCJ_2hNMxOzNjviJBiLWHMqg # DamiLee
https://youtube.com/channel/UCWQaM7SpSECp9FELz-cHzuQ # Dreams of Code
https://youtube.com/channel/UCEEVcDuBRDiwxfXAgQjLGug # Dreams of Autonomy
https://youtube.com/channel/UCZ4AMrDcNrfy3X6nsU8-rPg # Economics Explained
https://youtube.com/channel/UCimiUgDLbi6P17BdaCZpVbg # exurb1a
https://youtube.com/channel/UCcoO-8J0EYQHGPFQqwmAzVQ # exurb2a
https://youtube.com/channel/UCCKpicnIwBP3VPxBAZWDeNA # Money and Macro
https://youtube.com/channel/UCODHrzPMGbNv67e84WDZhQQ # fern
https://youtube.com/channel/UCczAxLCL79gHXKYaEc9k-ZQ # Imperial
https://youtube.com/channel/UCtYKe7-XbaDjpUwcU5x0bLg # neo
https://youtube.com/channel/UCpFFItkfZz1qz5PpHpqzYBw # Nexpo
https://youtube.com/channel/UCUSck1dOH7VKmG4lRW7tZXg # Ginger Bill
https://youtube.com/channel/UCii9ezsUa_mBiSdw0PtSOaw # Hoog
https://youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA # Fireship
https://youtube.com/channel/UC2Xd-TjJByJyK2w1zNwY0zQ # Beyond Fireship
https://youtube.com/channel/UC2-i3KuYoODXsM99Z3-Gm0A # friendlyjordies
https://youtube.com/channel/UCuCkxoKLYO_EQ2GeFtbM_bw # Half as Interesting
https://youtube.com/channel/UC9RM-iSvTu1uPJb8X5yp3EQ # Wendover Productions
https://youtube.com/channel/UCjP-MiAEn9DPvUHNyGEs7Wg # hochelaga
https://youtube.com/channel/UCvjVjye0Qy3IuV-ZwhRn_dQ # Jay Mick
https://youtube.com/channel/UCR-DXc1voovS8nhAvccRZhg # Jeff Geerling
https://youtube.com/channel/UCVeW9qkBjo3zosnqUbG7CFw # John Hammond
https://youtube.com/channel/UCmGSJVG3mCRXVOP4yZrU1Dw # Johnny Harris
https://youtube.com/channel/UC_iD0xppBwwsrM9DegC5cQQ # Jon Gjengset
https://youtube.com/channel/UC3XTzVzaHQEd30rQbuvCtTQ # LastWeekTonight
https://youtube.com/channel/UCRcgy6GzDeccI7dkbbBna3Q # Lemmino
https://youtube.com/channel/UCSp-OaMpsO8K0KkOqyBl7_w # Let's Get Rusty
https://youtube.com/channel/UCs4fQRyl1TJvoeOdekW6lYA # Faster than Lime
https://youtube.com/channel/UCR4W7Mq0HD8JoW9KBRm0mZg # Immolo
https://youtube.com/channel/UCl2mFZoRqjw_ELax4Yisf6w # Louis Rossman
https://youtube.com/channel/UC6biysICWOJ-C3P4Tyeggzg # Low Level Learning
https://youtube.com/channel/UCE4Gn00XZbpWvGUfIslT-tA # MagnatesMedia
https://youtube.com/channel/UCaTznQhurW5AaiYPbhEA-KA # Molly Rocket
https://youtube.com/channel/UCUMwY9iS8oMyWDYIe6_RmoA # No Boilerplate
https://youtube.com/channel/UCONH73CdRXUjlh3-DdLGCPw # Nicco Loves Linux
https://youtube.com/channel/UCK1XzxcKXB_v_dcw_tflC1A # OBF
https://youtube.com/channel/UCxLYtICsUCWdr1YPrj5DtwA # Ordinary Things
https://youtube.com/channel/UCodbH5mUeF-m_BsNueRDjcw # Overly Sarcastic Productions
https://youtube.com/channel/UCNIuvl7V8zACPpTmmNIqP2A # OverSimplified
https://youtube.com/channel/UC2PA-AKmVpU6NKCGtZq_rKQ # Philosophy Tube
https://youtube.com/channel/UCgNg3vwj3xt7QOrcIDaHdFg # PolyMatter
https://youtube.com/channel/UC-tLyAaPbRZiYrOJxAGB7dQ # Pursuit of Wonder
https://youtube.com/channel/UCP5tjEmvPItGyLhmjdwP7Ww # RealLifeLore
https://youtube.com/channel/UC1DTYW241WD64ah5BFWn4JA # Sam O'Nella Academy
https://youtube.com/channel/UCDETFHKteb-C_EaXmRKvP4w # Sisyphus 55
https://youtube.com/channel/UCXBlZm5BNJXgP_-EhIpPLXA # SomeOrdinaryGamers Fan Streams Archive
https://youtube.com/channel/UCovndCJjH4fO1DW_ZnM0cZw # SomeOrdinaryPodcasts
https://youtube.com/channel/UC5Axef4J11DIu17y2RKVqNQ # The Present Past
https://youtube.com/channel/UCylGUf9BvQooEFjgdNudoQg # The Linux Cast
https://youtube.com/channel/UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw # The Linux Experiment
https://youtube.com/channel/UCa3kU1spOTWHDmCxterTqIg # The West Report
https://youtube.com/channel/UCUyeluBRhGPCW4rPe_UvBZQ # ThePrimeTime
https://youtube.com/channel/UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw # ThePrimeagen
https://youtube.com/channel/UCVk4b-svNJoeytrrlOixebQ # TheVimeagen
https://youtube.com/channel/UCabBd1g8nBWWCx2YT4yeXOA # Tony Zhang
https://youtube.com/channel/UCrqM0Ym_NbK1fqeQG2VIohg # Tsoding Daily
https://youtube.com/channel/UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA # Veritasium
https://youtube.com/channel/UC4Cqvm3LRHa2Fuv2m45sIEg # VoxelRifts
https://youtube.com/channel/UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg # Wolfgang's Channel
